Document our testing process (#218)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/Testing.md

## Testing

> Our team is composed by multiple squads which are responsible for specific parts of the product. Based on that, each squad is responsible for owning and maintaining their own testing, from unit tests to UI Automation tests, meaning that any failure should be investigated and fixed by the squad responsible. If for some reason the squad is unavailable, e.g. holidays, then one of the release engineers should take ownernship of the failure when we are in the process of release a new version of that app otherwise it should fallback to the Support Engineer.

Reviewer: Emphasis (bold) on ownership/responsibility part since it's the most important point we want to make; + fix some typos

```suggestion
Our team is composed by multiple squads which are responsible for specific parts of the product.

Based on that, **each squad is responsible for owning and maintaining their own testing, from unit tests to UI Automation tests**, meaning that **any failure should be investigated and fixed by the squad responsible**.  
If for some reason the squad is unavailable, e.g. holidays, then one of the Release Engineers should take ownership of the failure when we are in the process of releasing a new version of that app; otherwise it should fallback to the Support Engineer.
```

> Our team is composed by multiple squads which are responsible for specific parts of the product. Based on that, each squad is responsible for owning and maintaining their own testing, from unit tests to UI Automation tests, meaning that any failure should be investigated and fixed by the squad responsible. If for some reason the squad is unavailable, e.g. holidays, then one of the release engineers should take ownernship of the failure when we are in the process of release a new version of that app otherwise it should fallback to the Support Engineer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our team is composed by multiple squads which are responsible for specific parts of the product.

Based on that, **each squad is responsible for owning and maintaining their own testing, from unit tests to UI Automation tests**, meaning that **any failure should be investigated and fixed by the squad responsible**.
 
If the squad is unavailable, e.g. holidays, then one of the Release Engineers should take ownership of the failure when we are in the process of releasing a new version of that app; otherwise it should fallback to the Support Engineer.
```

> 

Reviewer: We might also want to mention that now the owning squad is mentioned/ping'd on Slack when a nightly test of the UI Test suite/lane they own failed

### Execution

We use [fastlane](https://fastlane.tools) to run most of our common and frequent tasks and UI Automation tests are no exception, we have specific lanes defined for each part of the product and they can be triggered on demand, either by running them locally or on CI from the #ios-build channel.

```
# Trigger a lane to be executed locally from the terminal
$ bundle exec fastlane {lane}

# Trigger a lane to be executed on CI from the #ios-build channel
/fastlane {lane} branch:{branch}
```

> Listing all lanes available can be done with `bundle exec fastlane list` in the terminal.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Listing all lanes available can be done with `bundle exec fastlane list` in the terminal.
More details on Slack integration with CircleCI can be found [here](./Technical-Documents/SlackCIIntegration.md).
```

> 

Reviewer: We might want to mention that UI Test lanes all start with `ui_test_*` and that the `ui_test_babylon` lane is kinda special, allowing to test a specific feature on demand using `fastlane ui_test_babylon feature:MyAwesomeFeature` – using the XCTest class name for the `feature:` parameter (related: https://github.com/Babylonpartners/babylon-ios/pull/8760)

### QA

> Each squad is composed by iOS Engineer(s) but also by one QA Engineer responsible for testing all the work done by the squad. Our UI Automation tests take a significant amount of time to run so it's only executed every night which means we don't detect if some feature breaks with the changes of a pull request automatically. Because of that, **both the iOS and QA Engineers are responsible for checking any potential failure** in any change done within the squad by triggering the relevant lane for testing, ideally during the review of the pull request to avoid the breakage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each squad has a QA Engineer responsible for testing all the work done by the squad and they should work together with the engineers to make sure we are delivering good and stable features.

Our UI Automation tests take a significant amount of time to run so it's only executed every night, which means we don't detect if some feature breaks with the changes of a pull request automatically. For this reason, **both the iOS and QA Engineers are responsible for checking any potential failure** in any change done within the squad. This can be achieved by triggering the relevant lane for testing and ideally, this should be done during the review of the pull request, to avoid breakage.
```
